Welcome to the Onlineplay Project
=================================

Welcome to the homepage of the Onlineplay project. This project is a
Maven initiative designed to develop a web application for Connect Four,
similar in concept to chess.com. It serves as a comprehensive learning
platform covering various aspects of software development, including
setting up repositories, design principles, internet deployment, and
utilizing frameworks such as J2E, MVC, DAO, Singleton, UML, Apache
Maven, Tomcat, Eclipse, IntelliJ, MySQL, and Git.

Présentation générale du projet
-------------------------------

### Étude et expérimentation d'un framework pour la réalisation collaborative d'une application web

The central goal of this project is to provide a hands-on learning
experience on the essential tools and methodologies for collaborative
web application development. It spans the entire development cycle, from
initial design and setting up a development environment to maintenance
in a production setting, emphasizing the significance of collaborative
implementation.

By developing a web application inspired by platforms like chess.com but
dedicated to the game of Connect Four, this project puts into practice a
set of tools and methodologies that are proven in the professional
field. These tools and methods, along with their practical application
at each development stage, are detailed in the following subsections.

This approach aims not only to impart theoretical knowledge to the
participants but also to engage them in the practical application of
these concepts. This equips them with directly transferable skills that
are highly valued in the professional environment, thereby enhancing
their appeal to recruiters.

### Spécification Jakarta EE

Pour ce projet, nous avons choisi de nous appuyer sur la spécification
Jakarta EE, l'évolution de Java EE, qui représente le pilier des
applications d'entreprise modernes en Java. Une spécification, dans le
contexte du développement logiciel, est un ensemble de directives et de
normes qui définissent comment une technologie doit être utilisée et
mise en œuvre. Elle garantit la standardisation et la compatibilité
entre différents développements et plateformes. Jakarta EE est une
spécification riche et étendue, conçue pour fournir un cadre robuste
pour le développement d'ap- plications d'entreprise. Elle englobe une
variété de technologies et de composants qui sont essentiels pour
construire des applications web et d'entreprise évolutives et
performantes. Parmi ces composants, les servlets et les JavaServer Pages
(JSP) sont des éléments centraux. Les servlets permettent de créer des
pages web dynamiques en répondant aux requêtes des utilisateurs, tandis
que les JSP facilitent l'écriture de pages web en intégrant du code Java
directement dans le HTML. Dans notre projet, l'adoption de Jakarta EE
nous permettra de tirer parti de ses nombreuses fonctionnalités pour
déve- lopper une application web Puissance 4. Nous mettrons un accent
particulier sur la modularité, la sécurité et la performance,

### Getting Started

To get started with this project, please follow the instructions
below...

- [Tools used](outils-utilises/outils-utilises.md)

